what is the difference between a value
proposition and an offer because if you
are an agency owner a B2B business
whatever you're selling stuff online
what everybody is doing right now is
they think that you can just take some
giant ass claim slap a guarantee on it
maybe get some case studies that they
have some they just do that and then
they're ma they magically have the best
offer of all time and that's all they
need to do at all like they they just
put the claim put put a you get your
money back for this and then like cool
you're you're Off to the Races now while
that is objectively correct advice yes
promising somebody a specific outcome
with a specific risk reversal and
showing evidence that you have in fact
done it for them before does
work if you do this in the absence of a
value proposition you will get exactly
zero clients signed at all and now this
is what's interesting because you could
have a set of 100 random people and 50
of them without a value proposition and
then 50 who have a value proposition all
the people with the value prop
do the claim guarantee evidence thing
get results the other 50 don't and they
say this doesn't work it's because you
don't have a value proposition there is
a difference between an offer and a
value proposition and that is what I'm
going to explain to you in this video if
you don't know who I am my name is
Daniel fazo I'm the co-founder of client
Ascension and list kit it is July 30th
2024 filming this we're going to do
$600,000 in cash collected this month
not contract value it's cash in the bank
account $600,000 in July so let's get
straight into this let's let's actually
Define the difference between these so
what what is an offer and how is it
different from a value proposition an
offer is the stack of deliverables and
the actual thing the client gets like
the tangible what is this like what do I
get right the value proposition is the
encapsulation of what the stack of
deliverables results in for the client
it's it's all of the reasons why they
should get this stack of deliverables
that's the difference between the two
now you can understand that if you have
an offer of a bunch of random [__] and
you you you you slap some claim on it
whatever but there's no reason why
someone should actually get it they're
just not going to get it and that's what
I'm talking about earlier is you make
zero dollar if you lack a value
proposition so now what's the difference
between an offer a value proposition and
a headline the headline is how this is
all Comm communicated so let me share my
screen here real quick so here's an
example of an offer done for you ugc and
static ad creatives as a service right
so you make ugc in ad creatives the
value Pro the value proposition is we
deliver you ready to launch creatives
for your e-commerce brand so that you
don't have to spend 20 hours per week
reaching out to influencers and ideating
new scripts and scenes now what's really
important to understand here is what I
said here Del we deliver you ready to
launch creative so what does this
implying it's implying
speed it's saying who it's for for your
e-commerce brand so that so that this is
very important so so this this imagine
the offer is this right this is the same
thing as the offer right here like this
is just a rewording of what was already
set up there but the value proposition
is so
that you don't have to spend 20 hours
per week reaching out to influencers in
ideating new scripts and scenes it is
the so that the problem with all of you
who are not getting results of this is
that you have no so that and I'm not
saying like this is important to
understand I'm not saying you're not
getting results because your headline
doesn't the syntax of your headline
doesn't say so that I'm saying it
because you are trying to sell something
to a market you're trying to sell some
[__] that to a market and they don't
want to buy that thing like that you're
trying to solve a problem that doesn't
even
exist like that's the issue that so many
of you have there's just no demand
there's no there's no reason for anyone
to buy this so like let me put it to you
like this let's say that you're trying
to start a Facebook lead generation
advertising agency and you pick plumbers
and you're like and now you're like okay
Daniel well let me put the value
proposition in here I'm going to do
exactly as you say you're G to say we
deliver plumbers ready to launch leads
who want to start and get a toilet fixed
right now right so you would objectively
you would objectiv that's a good value
proposition like they want to they want
to quote that when you come to their
house to fix their [__] right now now
the problem with this is that this
doesn't
work why because every [__] plumber
in existence is booked out months in
advance so there there does not exist a
plumber who needs more leads so this is
the problem with with what a lot of you
are trying to do you so so not you'll
have a good offer you'll have a good
claim you'll have a good money back
guarantee and then you'll have you'll
try to make a value proposition but the
the the problem is that you're sew that
in the so that you can get more
customers they don't want more
customers so this is this is important
for me to go into and help you
understand now is is is by visualizing
what exactly is happening right so so
let's take this same e-commerce guy same
same exact person is running the
e-commerce brand so now they they go
through a life cycle because at a
certain point this business owner of the
e-commerce brand didn't run an Ecommerce
brand so let's let's look at what
happened here so first of all this guy
at one point he G as an entrepreneur
with no business zero business at all
then what probably happened is he was on
YouTube or some [__] and he bought
someone's course that taught him how to
make an e-commerce brand they sold him
the idea that e-commerce is the best way
to make money so he bought this person's
course right so so the guy so that his
demand at this point because he was
probably working a shitty job his demand
at that point was I need to reach I need
a vehicle to reach Financial Freedom
so someone sold him a business
opportunity course to help him start an
e-commerce brand right so that that's
what it was at that at that point the
value proposition made sense because the
person
selling the e-commerce course was you
could start an e-commerce brand so that
you can make $10,000 perone to quit your
job and he's like wow that's [__]
exactly what I was just saying I want
let me buy that so he buys that right so
no keep keep keep in mind right here you
can't sell this guy ugc ad creatives yet
he's not there yet right so now let's go
to point two all right so number two the
course taught him what he needs to it
taught him that he needs to do ads for
his brand right so he start he starts
making like static ad creative so now
what is he a customer of now the only
thing he wants is I need something that
helps me make static ad creatives and I
need to buy ads so who is he a customer
of now canva and Facebook ads that's who
he's that's what he's buying now that's
his need that's what he has a demand for
he does not Demand ugc yet you can't
sell ugc to this guy yet right so now he
starts advertising he makes he makes a
little money but it's not really going
as well and he he needs to make more so
now he starts buying like masterminds
and [__] and he's and he's in private
groups and people are telling so cuz
he's in demand for that now demand I'm
demanding now my my purchasing intention
now is to learn how to scale this
company so he starts buying [__] that
enables him to do that so everyone
selling him something now is a so that
you can scale faster right specifically
faster not start scale faster right so
now he's buying that and all the guys in
that group or tourament you need to make
ugc ads and he's like oh [__] I do so
now he's not de he you're not there yet
he's not yet demanding a ugc
agency he's demanding the actual
influencers cuz he's going to go do it
himself so then he starts doing it and
he he he he he he's contacting the
influencers and he discovers this is a
huge pain in the ass he has to come up
with all these ad scenes and creatives
and that's is exactly why literally
verbatim I said in the value proposition
so that you don't have to spend 20 hours
per week reaching out to influencers in
ideating new scripts and scenes because
that is what actually
happened that's real that's like a real
actual
problem right now the problem with a lot
of you guys selling whatever [__] you're
selling you pick a random service and
you try to force the service onto the
market for [__] zero reason at all
and it doesn't make any cohesive sense
like no one wants to buy what you're
selling [__] regardless of what the
claim is and the money back guarantee is
because there's no
reason it's just you're selling it's
it's wrong you're not selling it to the
correct person or there is zero market
for your thing at all this is what you
have to understand you need to have a SE
that and the so that needs to actually
exist that's the problem so many people
have is like you're trying to sell
something that there is actually zero
demand for and you can't do that it
never works so so if if if you think
you're doing everything right it just
seems like nothing's working like why is
none of this like why can't I make any
of this work if you can't make any sales
it can only be for one of the following
reasons number one you are not
communicating or you do not have a value
proposition so you don't have a so that
right or you have a value proposition
that is attempting to solve a problem
that doesn't actually exist you made it
up right third you are not marketing on
the channels where your correct target
market can actually see your messages
right so you might be saying
like hey bro um I'm I'm trying to I'm
trying to contact these these CEOs of
these large e-commerce brands on
Instagram but I can't find them and it's
like well cuz they're not on [__]
Instagram bro they're on they're on
LinkedIn and E go cold email what are
you doing um and then also you aren't
doing any Outreach or marketing at all
therefore nobody in the T Market knows
you exist in the first place so so so I
have a bunch of people and client ension
it's a it's it's it's an agency coaching
program and for B2B companies and I I
help people fix all their issues now a
lot of the issues that somebody has when
when they first come in is they'll come
to me and they'll say something they'll
be like I feel like no one wants what I
have and then I'm like okay well well
what you feel doesn't matter so like
let's get some data here what is making
you feel that way what what what what
data what what thing is is is acting
upon you to make you feel this way and
then you you actually look at the
numbers and they're just not doing any
Outreach on marketing at all so it's
like they they're not doing any content
marketing they're doing no cold DMS no
cold email no LinkedIn Outreach no
tweets no LinkedIn posts
no ads nothing and they're like I feel
like no one wants what I have it's like
bro no one [__] knows you exist you
you you don't know if anyone wants what
you have because not a single human on
the planet knows you have it for
sale more common of a problem than you
think right so now now this next part is
extremely important this is the next
place you're going to [__] up where most
people [__] up
is you do not know how to speak in plain
English okay so I'm going to I'm going
to put I want to read you out two
headlines and
now I'll tell you in a second headline a
you need to tell me you need to think in
your head right now as I'm reading these
out loud which of these do you think is
correct it will work better right so
headline
a I'll provide you with the proven
framework tailored for fast-paced high
growth Ventures this will streamline
your processes remove waste and
FastTrack tasks to automate your
operations by 25% in 90 days or you get
your money back okay now now B right we
build project management Frameworks for
agencies and B2B companies so that you
can handle twice as many clients with no
additional work right okay so so the
winner is B there's not a single [__]
person on the planet who's going to read
a and even know know what that's saying
what what does this say like framework
tailored for fast-paced high growth
Ventures to streamline your processes
Fast Track bro what the [__] are you
saying what is
this what what what is this and you're
not even sure what it
is like so many of you guys you're
making you're writing headlines and like
you don't even know what it
says like I you you're reading through
this first one it's like what the [__]
does this even say what is this and like
why you don't even know what they do
that's the thing you don't know what
they do now read my headline we build
project management Frameworks okay off
the [__] bat immediately you know
what's going on like okay project
management Frameworks okay for for who
agencies and B2B companies okay cool
well why would I want that so that you
can handle twice as many clients with no
additional work the difference
between A and B is that a is in [__]
Corporate email
speak the only people who speak [__]
Corporate email speak are middle
managers and you you go high and up off
on on on the on the SE Suite chain in
even like a huge company no one [__]
talks like that no one does this it's
it's all the the the middle management
[__] retards who want to feel like
they're important
like stop talking like that stop writing
your headlines like that like you trying
to make money those people don't make
money they don't do that they run the HR
department and everybody hates them and
they actively make the company less
money stop writing like that you need to
write you you need to be clear like the
thing you you think you're so smart when
you put big
words in in this
headline this big word like this and
streamline your processes tailored
fast-paced high growth shut up like
you're not smart you are actively dumb
like you you you you are you are clearly
[__] stupid if you write like that
don't do that nobody knows what you're
saying you don't even
know what you're saying it's as if it's
as if you wrote a normal sentence pulled
out a thesaurus and just picked the the
word with the most letters in it and
just replace the normal English speak
one by one it's like what the [__] are
you doing don't do that right no one
buys when you do that [__] it's
obnoxious it's it's it's just it's it's
completely nonsensical um all right if
you have any questions leave in the
comments you can go watch this video if
you're interested in client Ascension um
that's in the description too that's it
for me subscribe like the video peace I
love you bye